250 000 followers on Instagram but
they're known for like teaching like
crazy boxing techniques and strategy and
they're like you gotta check out these
winning gloves right winning's a brand
of gloves even if it's a paid
endorsement people will listen because
that person is a specialist within that
subject
are you scared or excited about AI
I'm excited about AI I just don't think
it's it's hyped a lot and it's
progressing at a really fast pace which
is great I prefers yeah but the thing
with AI everyone's like oh it's gonna
replace humans it's gonna replace
you know content writers is going to
replace everything I'm like like we're
so far away from that though it will
like seven years away that's in a short
time probably some companies three but
we're not far away from it I mean we
were far away from it back in 2000 and
back in 2000 even more far we were far
but we're close now and I I don't have
the exact answer of crystal ball on how
close but like if I had a guess at least
in the marketing world in the next five
years I do not see AI replacing a human
and still a short time though even even
more than that and here's why here's a
basic concept with AI so check this out
if you want to think about like everyone
talks about AI writing content there's
way more to AI with systems and
processes and automation with analytics
and getting more informed decisions but
let's just look at content as a basic
example
when you do a search on Google or any
search engine are the results always 100
accurate when you look up something
they're actually bad no yeah a lot of
times they're off right now Google knows
this Bing knows this they've been
working not five not ten maybe 20 plus
years to fix misinformation and it's not
perfect what AI is doing is scraping the
web Gathering all the information out
there and spitting out an output based
on the input so if they're Gathering
false inputs right not all of them are
false but even if a small percentage of
them are it can screw up the output
right and that's what you're seeing with
AI and yes AI will get better but you're
still going to have a lot of bad
information because the inputs are often
that's not easy to fix and I don't see
that being fixed over the next five six
seven years interesting well even with
the input the input is based off of what
humans actually input into the system so
AI is actually getting a lot more
sophisticated daily because of the usage
that's right we have over 100 million
users using it I mean daily you know but
that breaks down to hourly and when it
comes to the minute you know I can't
give you those numbers but I'm sure it's
up there it's crazy I think the
information will get better but I you
know potentially I hope it will but yeah
I think AI is a I think people should be
not technically scared because I feel
like they should work with it but they
should be worried the ones that aren't
educating themselves I I think you
nailed it people should be working with
it if you Embrace Ai and you learn how
to leverage it to do a better job at the
company you work at or for your own
business right you're going to get even
further in life absolutely but if you
stay afraid of it and you're just like
no I don't want to touch it I think
you're going to start becoming replaced
by other people who either understand a
I know how to leverage it or you're
going to get replaced by AI one or the
other right which AR are you using right
now
uh so we use a lot of open uh AI they
have some apis and they're the ones that
created chat GPT right uh and Bing is
using them but we use a lot of their
apis to help make better informed
decisions for our business and it's
still early phases and none of it's like
really perfect but like you said you
know five years is gonna be really
dangerous I think even in a few years
it's going to make our lives much easier
December we'll start feeling the impact
for I mean people are filling it down
but by December I feel like impactful
it'll start making a a little bit of a
push yeah sure and I think every day
that goes by
these AI tools and the learning that
they have is just incredible because of
so many daily users like the insurance
almost well we text all the time it's
making some of my contracts now it's
pretty crazy that's cool yeah for sure
prompted and it makes a contract so
instead of paying a lawyer 500 an hour
right you just send it to the lawyer say
can you review this real quick that's
smart I never thought about that yeah
it's ndas disclaimers even it breaks
down he was showing me one one tool
won't disclose it but it was breaking
down uh the episodes in the sense of
like uh of like place value so you can
do coursework too you can like turn it
into a course if you want yeah that's
cool so you put a two-hour podcast on it
and it breaks down the key points for
you that's awesome so digest the podcast
for you right yeah and that uses open AI
yeah it's pretty crazy yeah open a is
amazing yeah I think Google's Bard is
going to be really good you know I know
a lot of people are counting out Google
but Google has so much information they
have more than open AI or anyone else
out there
I do believe their AI is going to be
amazing it's just going to take time but
it's going to take time but they can be
late to the game because you still got
China's going to get involved heavy and
yeah when they come I mean chat uh GPT
might just be a a poodle from what
they're I just can't count them out
either so Google has to they're gonna
drop they got to do it now and um
they won't benefit from waiting yeah
because every system that's out if you
think about it it's getting more and
more sophisticated daily so how can
their system Advance if they're waiting
later to drop by the time they drop
these systems will be far more advanced
Google will still be technically in beta
yeah and and I think they're pushing
really hard but the way I look at it is
if if you look at the most popular
social network right now let's call it
Facebook I know Facebook owns Instagram
and WhatsApp Facebook wasn't the first
right there's a lot of others Myspace
was a lot earlier Google wasn't the
first search engine either Yahoo was
before there Alta Vista lycos the list
goes on and on but it is it's a race
right now because it's just it's a
sophistication race yeah so who's going
to be a far more sophisticated in this
AI space and at what speed you got chat
four already dropped right Sean yeah and
then they're working on 4.5
so I mean is this it's gonna get it's
gonna get crazy and when you look at
from three to four and all the
variations just the improvements are so
crazy and they're also trying to make it
cheaper and cheaper
what are the biggest opportunities you
you see for 2023 and 2024
from a marketing standpoint I this is
going to sound silly I actually don't
think it's AI I think podcasting is one
of them podcasting isn't that
competitive there's like less than 10
million podcasts over a billion blogs so
if you think about the ratios it's a
open landscape still so that's one of
them two is taking an omni Channel
approach with marketing like when we try
to acquire customers from Tick Tock in
our Ad Agency we're seeing that for our
clients a lot of times Tick Tock is like
40 50 percent cheaper than Facebook ads
which is better yeah which is besides a
better algorithm too so it's like that's
just so much cheaper why wouldn't you
want to save the money and acquire as
many people as possible for as little as
possible the other big opportunity that
we're seeing and this one's the dead
simplest one but people are lazy and no
one wants to take the time updating your
content no matter what you search for on
Google or anywhere on social media
there's already content on that topic
the issue is is most the content is old
outdated so the algorithms of social
platforms and search engines don't want
to showcase it but the moment you keep
it fresh and up to date it'll boost you
just look at Wikipedia they rank and get
so much traffic because people keep
modifying Wikipedia pages every single
day yeah yeah I probably bet every
single minute someone's modifying a
Wikipedia page I don't have the stats or
data on that but if I had to take a
guess I bet you it's on the minute basis
probably what is re uh reverse ETO can
you explain that to us reverse
ETO I don't know reverse ETO is
ETL
ETL yeah yeah yeah
ETL I don't know what reverse
um well um I was looking through your uh
MP digital and um uh the one of your
Associates was touching bases on it it
was real interesting to me so it was the
difference between
Gathering data and then inputting the
the data when it comes to like your ads
and stuff like that I found it
interesting I have no idea what reverse
ETL is but that's why we have 750 people
that specialize in different things
that's a good answer yeah I should learn
it yeah don't get me wrong I see I mean
I learned a lot just from you know just
kind of looking into it my okay I never
heard of that so yeah me neither talking
about ads and stuff yeah we have so many
people that specialize in different
things like we have we literally have a
handful of people yeah 400 employees
yeah seven something just for that
company that's a lot just a knowledge
and we're still hiring but like when I
look at it are you not going to replace
with AI
uh we're even using AI but we still need
we're expanding math internationally
right so like we're opening up this year
in France Italy Germany we just added
Singapore nice we just added a head of
latam for to expand it to Mexico
Colombia Chile and Argentina uh we just
uh I think we mentioned Singapore we're
interviewing right now for ahead of
Malaysia I just finished interviewing
today for ahead of uh Spain it was
mandatory for your employees to learn
how to use Ai and work with it in making
a mandatory so you don't have to get rid
of anybody in your Workforce no we we
want them to figure out how to use AI to
make their job more efficient so they
can focus on the things that are
important and not do the mundane boring
stuff that's why you do it I like that I
like that model you feel like celebrity
endorsements are a waste of money why do
you feel that way
so I feel celebrity endorsements are
always because most of them are too
generic it's like let's talk about the
Kardashians you know some people hate on
the Kardashians but you gotta admit they
built an amazing business Empire yeah
you got to respect that yeah and it
doesn't matter what people think about
the Kardashians or how they got popular
they were really smart on how they took
that fame or how they built up that Fame
and took that Fame and turned it into a
big business Empire not just for one of
them but for pretty much the whole
family right if you get Kylie Jenner to
push if I get Kylie Jenner to push my
marking agency NP digital I may get some
leads but it's just irrelevant like her
audience is like into makeup and
cosmetics and clothing and stuff and
that's why most celebrity endorsements
don't work because it doesn't match the
product and now you have it where so
many people are using celebrity
endorsements for everything and they're
being brand evangelists it's not working
that well but the moment you get like
Rihanna to create her own company or you
get Kylie Jenner create your own company
people like oh you're not pushing
someone else and you're not just getting
paid you're creating your own products
what they're supposed to yeah which is
what they should be doing and that
people love and that converts really
well but the products got to be a line
like for example
let's say The Rock
the rock is known for like Fitness humor
the guy's like buff he's smart he's good
with business but if he created a course
being like here's how to pass your CPA
exam I'm gonna teach you guys how to do
really well in accounting and accounting
is a big business right there's a lot of
massive accounting companies throughout
the whole world everyone does taxes and
people have to do accounting for every
single business even personal finances
it just wouldn't convert well it doesn't
line up but if Rock Sports an energy
drink which he does blow yeah it makes
sense so they got to do their own
products I do think there is value in
influencers if the celebrity is directly
aligned to the product and service and
is really involved in the business and
believes in it yes like Ryan uh Reynolds
and Mitt sold for 1.3 Ryan didn't create
men they gave him Equity to be the
Evangelist and be part of the company
and help out he believed in it he wanted
to put in the time and the energy the
Flow Rider and Celsius yeah yeah and
then if you had to sue to get his money
back he still made a lot of money yes
good for him and then the other one is
uh
you know if you get a micro influencer
like someone who's known for like
something really specific even if they
have like a half a million followers or
a hundred thousand but Their audience is
super engaged because they're really
well known for it like you do boxing if
you have someone who has 250
000 followers on Instagram but they're
known for like teaching like crazy
boxing techniques and strategy and
they're like you gotta check out these
winning gloves right winning's a brand
of gloves and if they say you got to
check out winning gloves they're the
best and they break them down even if
it's a paid endorsement people will
listen because that person is a
specialist within that subject that's
what I think and that's a huge
opportunity right now in marketing in
2023 2024 I even see that going to five
six years from now Eric AI cannot
replace that right people want to deal
with uh companies that have a face no
one likes faceless companies but it has
to be a line I can't have LeBron James
pitching my marketing company yes he's a
business Mogul he's crashing it but
people don't know LeBron James from
marketing I'm not saying he's a bad
marketer I'm just saying people know him
from marketing I mean uh basketball yeah
not marketing so but if you had a new
basketball that has some special grip on
it it would be perfect for it exactly or
shoes or even something for Fitness like
tonal right I bought a tunnel because of
LeBron James oh is that the ice thing no
a tunnel is like resistance like you can
it's electric resistant so you can
modify the resistance he's an investor
in that company yes I think he has
equity in it for sure or investor or
Equity owner maybe you got it for free I
don't know but I saw Serena Williams on
the commercial LeBron James how
important is for Ecom people who are in
Ecom to use a survey monkey
I think it's great because you can
figure out what's wrong with your pages
your products and what changes you need
to make to make them better because like
when you look at analytics like Google
analytics yeah you can see oh people are
leaving this page but why are they
leaving that page
SurveyMonkey the servers runs there's
quantitative data and there's
qualitative quantitative is like the
numbers qualitative is him getting
feedback Survey Monkey is like a
a version of just talking to people and
getting feedback hey why aren't you
buying why are you leaving Pace
super effective we like taking all that
data assuming you're getting enough
quantity and responses not like one or
two but if you're getting like 50 60 100
for a specific page and you make changes
we usually see revenue and conversions
go up wow so it's based on the
consumer's perspective of how you can
make your company from a visibility
standpoint better exactly asking them
simple questions in regards to you know
yeah they're happy or not with the
service or product yep what else would
you like to see on the page why didn't
you buy
um you know how many business owners
actually modify
their business based on the consumer's
perspective very little very that's
terrible that is that's terrible you get
a stubborn business owner I used to do
it yeah it would record their checkout
screen and see what they were doing yeah
it's important because it's research
it's market research you're able to
scale your business up from that just by
understanding your consumer that's right
is LinkedIn underrated I think
linkedin's massively underrated
especially if you're in B2B it's like
one of the best social networks for
generating revenue for a business
linkedin's probably our
if I had a guess right now I'm pretty
sure YouTube is number one for social
channels for revenue for us uh for
consulting company and Linkedin is
number two whoa I'm like pretty sure
that's uh Mark Zuckerberg's ex-business
partner created LinkedIn really yeah oh
I didn't know that yeah he's got a lot
of EX partners that are successful
that's what happens when you got a group
of people or
successful what uh Mark's made a
shitload of money yes everybody
associated with too yeah either by
someone here we're creating something
else yeah facts what platforms do you
see taking over social media platforms
uh platforms
I see Tick Tock booming I see WhatsApp
as still a big opportunity
why why I see 10 cent owns them and
they're like the biggest conglomerate
but why here like what what impact is
what's the app have in the US so so
WhatsApp
um everyone globally is
everyone globally right now on WhatsApp
is using it because in a lot of
countries it costs money to text it's
free to text uh it's free to text on
WhatsApp you just got it's also
controlled by the government over there
too Tick Tock is right what's up what's
what's up is WhatsApp is owned by
Facebook no it's owned by a company
called tencent that's a tick tock oh
yeah yeah Tick Tock WhatsApp is too
Facebook Facebook Facebook
oh so tencent used to own them then
uh uh WhatsApp was funded by Sequoia
Capital it was some Founders uh based in
San Francisco you're thinking of WeChat
[Laughter]
yeah okay so what's app okay okay yeah
but Tick Tock might get banned Tick Tock
may get banned you never know I don't
think it will I think maybe for
governments and stuff they'll regulate
it but in the US I still think it'll be
popular people love it the cottage
campuses are Banning there but oh
colleges are probably oh I think they
said 30 40 already Big Time College
universities banded already why yeah why
were they Banning the data they're being
Tick Tock but not Adderall so
[Laughter]
um
I I knew when I was in college I knew so
many students that were just taking
Adderall so bad I don't know why they're
doing you weren't on it no wow Sean
not props because I feel like everyone
was I mean
and and if people want to get on I don't
think there's it's up to them I was just
a big believer and was like you know I
try to be natural as much as possible
yeah
so Facebook owns WeChat Tick Tock no I
mean sorry Facebook owns uh what's up
what's up yeah they all sort of the job
are we good now yeah yeah we chat China
okay talk Korea Canada I don't know what
that is hey you gotta check it out it's
a big stick for the Korean market oh wow
okay we gotta wrap it up soon but I want
to know the best hire you've ever made
was it the chef was it the driver who
was it personal or corporate let's do
both
corporate CEO I'm a terrible operator we
have a CEO named Mike gullickson uh he's
in wonders for us I wouldn't say he's a
only amazing hire but he's brought a lot
of amazing people with him and there's a
lot of amazing people we brought before
him that helped us get him uh but we
continually try to bring amazing people
who have done what we're looking to do
and they've already done it before like
he ran one of our competitors it was
called I Prospect I don't know how many
employees they had maybe 5 000 I'm
guessing six thousand seven or four
thousand or something like that they're
just a larger version of us right so
he's already done what we're trying to
do and he helped us grow when we got him
maybe we were 200 300 people he's more
than double dust in size
um and
personal
um
it depends who you ask if you ask my
wife he's gonna say a nanny The Nanny
Edith who's been amazing if you ask me
uh I would say
either film on who drove me here today I
love him to death or Franny who helps us
clean but that's not she does amazing
job there but why I love Franny is I
travel almost every single week for work
and like she'll have my suitcase ready
with all my clothes depending on how
many days I'm gone I don't have to check
anything and it's just like so
convenient that sounds amazing I'm
packing today for New York and it sucks
wow third world problems right right
yeah and then another question
um
what are
some things that you can tell
a lot of people out there struggling
with Ecom like what makes the e-commer
business do good and what makes the econ
business like what makes it what's the
difference in the good one and a bad
econ business so good ones typically
have funnels like upsells and downsells
because if someone's buying one product
you already got them buying you got to
get them to buy more right and you got
to figure out how to upsell them ideally
the products you upseller relayed to the
core product that they bought and it
offers anything helping get results in
an automated way or uh uh getting
results faster so speed or automation if
people can get results faster or in an
automated way they'll typically pay for
the upsells what about when it comes to
clothing because everyone isn't selling
like a actual product sure so like
clothing if you someone buying underwear
you know they're going to need underwear
I don't know how often people replace
them every year or socks every year
every six months or if they buy T-shirts
they're gonna need more t-shirts like
mine here they have some holes on it
little ones
um and I buy like 12 of the same white
T-shirt and they last for a while and
this will also makes it easy to pack
because I wear the same clothes same
thing same colors uh and they could send
reminders saying like hey click here
first subscription or click here to get
uh and you shared or we have a new style
that's coming in I think email marketing
is huge a lot of people take that for
granted and a lot of e-commerce these
days are doing email but they're not
doing text you know you can't stop with
email you got to add in the text
messaging we see better revenue from
texting right now assuming you collect
enough phone numbers then we do from
emails for e-commerce
the other thing that we're seeing good
e-commerce companies make is they're
using tools like Survey Monkey or using
the video recording tools like the crazy
eggs to figure out what's wrong with the
pages and how to improve the checkout
flows uh good e-commerce companies also
offer multiple payment options we
typically see a 18 ish increase in
Revenue when people add PayPal as a
payment option wow as well it's a big
jump though yeah but people love it they
love clicking that button and it makes
it easier and they have multiple uh
funding sources typically in their
PayPal account and what's the best
um app that they can attach to their
stores for the texting marketing the
marketing text there's a lot of them I
wouldn't actually say there's one that's
better than others I would actually look
at what e-commerce platform you're on
and which ones fit natively and
integrate with your CRM ideally you
would want one that just plug and plays
right you don't want to just go and add
uh a random one and be like oh it
doesn't integrate and then we got to do
everything manually just like email
solvers there's a lot of them right it's
the question of which ones integrate
really nicely with your CRM and you can
just get everything done pretty quickly
Neil it's been a pleasure any closing
thoughts and where people can find you
neilpatel.com for my blog or all my
social handles are also Neil Patel or NP
digital for our Ad Agency nice